I want to offer you very tasty
a cookie
very tasty in the morning I talk who loves
circle just superb chemist
crispy what is needed for this is the sheath
sesame
160 grams lightly toasted, I already water
roasted further
60 grams of butter
70 grams of flour 120 grams of sugar pinch
salt
vanilla sugar vanilla extract
vanilla or a little bit in the sky
baking powder for dough need initial
spoon one egg and I already squeezed
teaspoon lemon lemon tea spoon not
oil start
so far
fell whipped
bag of vanilla sugar and polynomials juice
we beat it all up
add flour
teaspoon baking powder and all again
again, I beat it quietly
now we throw 160 grams of toasted
glass
so it should be my little
it is so let's say so watery sesame y
i'm not cool but it's nothing
scary now what we do now we
we put parchment on the pan
plain parchment paper and
teaspoon
debug let's say so even impose
such cookies
I right now and all this will show the distance friend
from a friend 34 centimeters they will
open and roast bake until
brown crust
who wants maybe it turns out maybe from two
sides but one side bake
only on the one hand i cares you
not mother often loved i will show
not here so here so here
smooth out
she then talk about the bill even
nothing circles like that circles i
I will calculate then I will say how much I will write
the portion comes out with us the first batch
these are now i'm in the oven warmed up
180 degrees will lay down I will show him
how do they travel
but already in the end result like this
they open in the oven
you know pretty pretty very small
tidy pechenyushki obtained here
it happened us a cookie
sesame here you see so folded
thin very sweet tasty
have a nice tea party